3.9 CHT Docker Image Update (#6542)
medic/cht-core: release-notes/docs/3.9.0.md

## Upgrade notes

> ### CHT Docker Image
> 
> #### 3.9 CHT Docker Image released

Reviewer: Let's make it more obvious that this is required and not optional...

```suggestion
#### Docker image update required
```

Also can we move this whole section down into "breaking changes"?

Prior to initiating an upgrade to 3.9, you will need to update the CHT Docker Image and a few packages inside the medic-os container.

> Please closely follow our [3.9 CHT upgrade documentation](https://github.com/medic/cht-infrastructure/blob/master/docs/3.9_CHT_Upgrade.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please closely follow our [3.9 CHT Docker Image Upgrade Process](https://github.com/medic/cht-infrastructure/blob/master/docs/3.9_CHT_Upgrade.md)
```

> This image provides a new horticulturalist package to [stage ddocs properly](https://github.com/medic/horticulturalist/pull/58)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image updates the horticulturalist package to [stage ddocs properly](https://github.com/medic/horticulturalist/pull/58).
```
